TELCODOCS-643: Addition of workers to existing SNO cluster with ZTP (#50251)
openshift/openshift-docs: scalability_and_performance/ztp_far_edge/ztp-sno-additional-worker-node.adoc

:_content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="ztp-sno-additional-worker-node"]

> = Additional worker nodes in a {sno} cluster

Reviewer: From a findability perspective, I think it's important to differentiate this section from https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.11/nodes/nodes/nodes-sno-worker-nodes.html

```suggestion
= Adding worker nodes to {sno} clusters with GitOps ZTP
```

include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: sno-additional-worker

toc::[]

> You can add one or more worker nodes to an existing {sno-caps} (SNO) cluster to increase CPU resources used by the original SNO control plane node. The addition of worker nodes does not require any downtime for the existing SNO.

Reviewer: {sno-caps} variable is intended for use at the start of sentences. For the most part, just use {sno}.

```suggestion
You can add one or more worker nodes to an existing {sno} cluster to increase CPU resources available to the control plane node. The addition of worker nodes does not require any downtime for the existing existing {sno} cluster.
```

[role="_additional-resources"]
.Additional resources

* For more information about {sno} clusters tuned for vDU application deployments, see xref:../../scalability_and_performance/ztp_far_edge/ztp-reference-cluster-configuration-for-vdu.adoc#sno-configure-for-vdu[Reference configuration for deploying vDUs on {sno}].

> 

Reviewer: I think you could also add an xref to https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.11/nodes/nodes/nodes-sno-worker-nodes.html as well.
